Add React hooks for customization (part 2) (#2541)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: HOOKS.md

# Web Chat API as React hooks

Web Chat is designed to be highly customizable. In order to build your own UI, you can use React Hooks to hook your UI component into Web Chat API.

To enable Web Chat API, all UI components must be located under the [`<Composer>`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/blob/master/packages/component/src/Composer.js) component. You can refer to our [plain UI customization](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/master/samples/21.customization-plain-ui) sample for details.

## Why React Hooks

React Hooks will make your code cleaner and shorter, and also greatly improve readability.

> Web Chat expose our APIs through React Hooks. This API surface enables us to freely move stuff behind the scene, introduce new APIs, and a safe way to deprecate APIs. It will also make us easier to shuffle work between our internal Redux store and React Context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web Chat expose our APIs through React Hooks. This API surface enables us to freely move stuff behind the scene, introduce new APIs, and a safe way to deprecate APIs. It will also make it easier to shuffle work between our internal Redux store and React Context.
```

## Two types of hooks

We design our hooks largely with two basic shapes:

- Actions, these are functions that you can call at any time to perform a side-effect
- Properties, these are getter function with an optional setter

>    - This is same as [React State Hook pattern](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-state.html), but setter could be optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - This is same as [React State Hook pattern](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-state.html), but setters are optional
```

>    - If the value changed, React will call your render function again

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If the value is changed, React will call your render function again
```
